one common refactoring that you'll
encounter particularly often when
changing your code is modifying an
existing method signature so if you'd
like to add a new parameter or change
the return type for an existing method
then that process might touch several
methods and there collies and so forth
so for example in this scenario if I'd
like to add a new string parameter name
to the method Baz then I need to
propagate that parameter up the call
stack here any khaalis of Baz bar and
who will need to supply a new parameter
name since this type of refactoring is
so common there's a dedicated tool which
you can find in your factor menu called
change signature that will allow you to
add parameters to existing methods and
if desired propagate those same
parameters up the call hierarchy at any
Colley's of the method if we apply this
refactoring then you can see that that
same parameter has been added through
the entire call hierarchy including any
intermediate methods to reach its final
destination here boss you can do the
same with exceptions so you can choose
where in the call hierarchy it's like a
particular exception to be caught or
wreath thrown likewise when you remove
an element from a method signature for
example this parameter then will offer
to propagate those changes up through
the call hierarchy as well the change
signature of factoring makes it easy to
add parameters to an existing method and
make changes to methods signature in the
context of a large project without
having to chase down all of the methods
references and collies and so forth
you